.TH CDAPKG 1 "April 2025" "cdaprod.dev" "Cdapkg Manual"

.SH NAME
cdapkg \- a modular CLI DevOps tool for managing scripts, environments, and Docker deployments

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cdapkg
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBcdapkg\fR is a command-line interface designed to streamline system scripting, configuration, and environment management. It integrates a hierarchical script system with Docker deployments and volume-aware logic across environments.

Use it to bootstrap development, configure containers, or deploy scripts across a host system.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B help
Show general usage instructions.

.TP
.B list
Enumerate all available tools or script modules installed.

.TP
.B search <keyword>
Search tools by keyword name or tag from the installed toolset.

.TP
.B run <tool>
Run a specific tool or script module from the repository.

.TP
.B version
Show installed version and build info.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B CDAPROD_HOME
Root directory for installed toolset (e.g. /usr/local/share/cdapkg)

.TP
.B MANPATH
The manpage path is appended automatically during install using a bootstrap script in /etc/profile.d/cdapkg.sh

.SH FILES
.TP
.B /usr/local/bin/cdapkg
Main CLI binary

.TP
.B /usr/local/share/cdapkg/
All shared scripts, modules, and assets

.TP
.B /usr/local/etc/cdapkg/
Host-specific configuration files

.TP
.B /usr/local/share/man/man1/cdapkg.1
This manual page

.TP
.B /etc/profile.d/cdapkg.sh
Bootstrap file to register manpath at login

.SH MAKEFILE TARGETS
.TP
.B make help
Print available targets and descriptions

.TP
.B make install
Install cdapkg binary, manpage, and assets to system directories

.TP
.B make uninstall
Remove all cdapkg assets and environment files

.TP
.B make reinstall
Run uninstall and then install again

.SH EXAMPLES
Install:
.EX
make install
.EE

Run a tool:
.EX
cdapkg run setup-host
.EE

Search installed tools:
.EX
cdapkg search docker
.EE

.SH AUTHOR
David Cannan (cdaprod.dev)

.SH LICENSE
MIT License

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docker (1),
.BR bash (1),
.BR make (1)